---
tags:
  - project/lunar-comms
  - notes/journal
---
the grant PM is interested in
- reducing "surprise" from foreign adversaries
	- lean on resilience to manipulation or disruption 
- more images
solution should follow a perceived problem.
- if somethign is working and nobody is complaingin, why do it?
- can you do it cheaper

1. lunanet requires a a timing system, but does not describe it. 
	1. this can meet that requirement.
2. can existing tech use this?
	1. missions _will_ bring comms. 
	2. this tech can be used with existing comms hardware
	3. if you can have comms, you get timing and ranging "for free"

dont have to justify that it's useful

we want pnt.
today there is considerable advancement
in this study we will develop alternative method of implementing service and compare it with state of the art metrics. performance, cost, etc.
develop it to a level that is enough to predict performance based on number of assets that are interconnected. all metrics known from current solution of pnt.
compare
justify whether there are opportunities to improve

For regenerative range, which is commonly used for orbit determination, if the power of the signal is too crappy, you can't demodulate the ranging signal (or you loose a lot of it). Equation 85 in the "DSN docs 214C" has an idea of the quality of the range you'd get given the receiver power spectral density (Pr/N0). That spectral density number depends on the gain of the signal, and that's mostly from the antennas themselves. So it's possible that we could resolve good ranging code, but it might require big high gain antennas (10-20 kg each and probably around 250k each) on both spacecraft, plus a rough estimate of each node's position (neither are insurmontable challenges).

gnss:  I think you're right concerning GPS : it's a hack of a solution, and it probably does not make sense even from a physical perspective because of different relative velocities, so they're in different space-time frames as per general relativity.