Christina Korp is known as the Astronaut Wrangler. She is an astronaut manager, space advisor, founder of [Space for a Better World](https://www.spaceforabetterworld.com/) and the president of Purpose Entertainment. For ten years she managed Apollo 11 astronaut Buzz Aldrin and launched his foundations – ShareSpace and the Aldrin Family Foundation. She produced the last five galas at Kennedy Space Center celebrating Apollo 11 and the Webby winning and Emmy nominated, _Cycling Pathways to Mars_ VR experience. 

In October of 2021 she launched the #AimHigher project to inspire people to aim higher for their dreams in spite of where they come from or what they think society dictates for them. She produces giant space themed Aim Higher artworks all over the world. She works with Apollo 16 moonwalker Charlie Duke, former NASA astronauts Nicole Stott and Susan Kilrain, Inspiration4 Mission Pilot and SpaceX astronaut Dr. Sian Proctor and Citizen Astronaut Sara Sabry, the 1st Egyptian, 1st Arab woman and 1st African woman to go to space. Christina is passionate about promoting inclusivity and diversity in space. She founded SPACE For a Better World in 2020 to highlight the ways space benefits all life on Earth and how it could be the key to solving the UN’s Sustainable Development Goals.

In 2023 she partnered with MoonDAO to create an exclusive VVIP experience with 3 astronauts – Apollo 16 moonwalker, Charlie Duke, NASA Astronaut Nicole Stott and NASA & SpaceX astronaut Doug Hurley. There will be more activations together in 2024.

Discord: [[@xtina_korp]]