---
tag: notes, meeting
---
# attendees
- [[@philiplinden]]
- [[@pmoncada]]
- [[@name.get]] (lurking)
- [[@justin park]] (lurking)
# notes
## [[Reading List]] catch up
- [[@PasqualeEtAl2022]] 
	- Used interesting optimization techniques to solve for optimal constellation configurations
		- "optimal" meaning the least number of satellites
		- tuned parameters being number of satellites, orbit (semi major axis, eccentricity, inclination, pericenter anomaly the same for all elements in the constellation)
		- RAAN and true anomaly for every _i_ constellation elements
		- Considered surface and orbital users, each wanting to maximize time of visibility and minimize dilution of precision
	- The analysis found three optimal configurations, each with slightly different goals.
		1. One serving south pole
		2. One serving equator and north pole
		3. One for whole-surface coverage
	- [[@philiplinden|@phil]]: Let's focus our analysis using these orbits as our baseline constellation configurations.
		- For each constellation (1, 2, and 3)
			- How would network traffic actually look with a bunch of orbital and surface users?
			- How would network traffic change if some nodes had different capabilities (range, signal integrity, etc)?
			- How would network traffic change if every node had decentralized access, and service could not be refused?
		- What if some nodes were "servers" and others were "consumers"? How would that affect all of these questions?
- [[@Naseem2022]] 

## objectives/interests for our special sauce
- credible neutrality among adversarial actors
- open and permissionless - can't refuse service. what happens?
- how does the assumptions of decentralized actors impacts the effectiveness of different topologies
- take inspiration from spam mitigation
	- use fees as an inhibitor
	- web3 gas auctions?
	- have servers earn tokens, and use gas to send and receive (in [[$MOONEY]])
		- larger servers have more influence in [[$MOONEY]] because they have more influence in the system governed by it!